Feature/pip install instructions (#7)
gustavwilliam/bestpy: README.md

# bestpy
A module to prove your friends (or adversaries) wrong.

Ever needed to decide on what is the best thing out? That's exactly what bestpy does.
We may or may not try to make the answers support your view. Here's a quick demo:

```python
>>> best.language
"python"
>>> best.module
"bestpy"
```

## Installation
This is simple with pip. Just run the following in your command line or terminal (available soon):

```
pip install bestpy
```

> You can also use your magic powers to get the module from source code. 
> By using: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use your magic powers to get the module from source code. Use the following:
```
I'm not a huge fan of starting a sentence with "By using"

```

> pip install git+https://github.com/gustavwilliam/bestpy.git@main

Reviewer: This worked for me after restarting the terminal. Maybe we could add a note about that restarting after running the command could help.

# bestpy
A module to prove your friends (or adversaries) wrong.

Ever needed to decide on what is the best thing out? That's exactly what bestpy does.
We may or may not try to make the answers support your view. Here's a quick demo:

```python
>>> best.language
"python"
>>> best.module
"bestpy"
```

## Installation
This is simple with pip. Just run the following in your command line or terminal (available soon):

```
pip install bestpy
```

You can also use your magic powers to get the module from source code with the following:

```

> pip install git+https://github.com/gustavwilliam/bestpy.git@main

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could setup a `bestpy-nightly` release, I’m sure this would be really useful.

Reviewer: I haven't heard about 'nightly'. If you think it's something we should add/use/implement, feel free to open an issue about it. I'd love to hear more regarding your thoughts.

pip install bestpy
```

You can also use your magic powers to get the module from source code with the following:

```
pip install git+https://github.com/gustavwilliam/bestpy.git@main

> # Note: you will likely need to restart your terminal before using the module

Reviewer: Maybe we could add this outside of the code block? It seems a bit off to have it inside.
